
AAMUSTED

AAMUSTED is Ghana's Premier Public TVET and Entrepreneurial Development Teacher Education University.
Our Mandate
a. provide higher education in technical, vocational, and entrepreneurial training to develop skilled manpower for job creation and economic development,
b. train and provide teachers with the relevant competence for teaching in technical and vocational education and training institutions,
c. train and provide teachers with the relevant competence for teaching entrepreneurial development, and
d. develop strong linkages between the University and (i) industry, or (ii) the community, to ensure the holistic training of teachers.

Mission
To train and provide relevant TVET and entrepreneurial development teachers and other professionals for TVET institutions and industry and promote research and innovation for educational policy and economic development.

Vision
To be a world-class socially responsible TVET and Entrepreneurial Development Teacher Education University.

Core Values
* Excellence with Integrity
* Education for Work and Development
* Creativity, Innovation and Invention
* Collaboration and Teamwork
* Entrepreneurial Development
* Gender Equity, Social Inclusiveness and Diversity

Bolgatanga Technical University
Bolgatanga Technical University

Mission
The mission of the university is to provide career-focused education, applying state-of-the-art laboratories and workshops for teaching, practical training, applied research, sustainable agricultural and entrepreneurship development in a conducive environment.

Vision
The vision of the University is to become a preferred technical university with innovative academic programmes producing graduates equipped with new technological skills for sustainable development.

CORE VALUES
Our core values are the shared principles and commitment that rally all staff, students and other stakeholders to achieve our vision. These are: Academic freedom, Excellence, Integrity, Innovation, Discipline, Sustainability and Equity. These values are deep-seated philosophies that guide our actions and are considered as the University's cultural foundation stone.

Academic freedom
The University acknowledges the right to freedom of expression in teaching, learning and research in line with its ethical policies.

Excellence
The University strives to exceed expectations not only in providing quality teaching, research and community service, but also for continuous improvement in its services university-wide.

Integrity
The University shall ensure honesty, professionalism and respect for others, while accepting responsibility for the ethical consequences of its ideas and actions.

Innovation
The University strives to challenge assumptions, create and anticipate change and encourage both its internal and external stakeholders to bring new ideas on-board.

Discipline
The University is committed to cultivating behaviours that are consistent and align with achieving the University's goals and vision by vigorously applying the rules and regulations governing it.

Sustainability
The University embraces sustainable development by incorporating relevant aspects of climate change, biodiversity and ecological practices across the entirety of the University.

Equity
The University is committed to ensuring fair treatment, equality of opportunity, fairness in access to information, resources and opportunities that staff and students need to succeed. The University seeks to eliminate barriers and facilitate the participation of Persons with Disabilities (PWDs) in all its programmes.

BTU's Niche Area
The niche area of the University is ecological agriculture in line with its agrarian and savannah geographical location. The University will strive to ensure that the niche area guides its programmes and activities.



Cape Coast Technical University
Cape Coast Technical University

Vision and Mission

Vision Statement
Our Vision is to be a leading technologically innovative and entrepreneurial Technical University with a reputation in green and clean energy technologies.

Mission Statement
Our mission is to provide quality technical, vocational and entrepreneurial, education that inspires learners to be creative and driven towards technology-based and sustainable solutions for communities and industries within the country and the sub-region.

Core Values
In pursuing its vision and mission, Cape Coast Technical University will be guided by these core values:
* Innovation
* Creativity
* Professionalism
* Integrity
* Discipline
* Respect for all
* Team spirit
* Service to community

Core Functions
The following core functions will guide the institution in realizing its vision and mission.
* Teaching, Research, and Innovation
* Entrepreneurial Skills Development
* Consultancy Services
* Community Engagement

SUA
Slovak University of Agriculture in Nitra

Slovak University of Agriculture in Nitra (SUA)
The Slovak University of Agriculture in Nitra has attained the position of one of Slovakia's leading universities since it was founded in 1952. The University is consistently rated in the top group for the high quality of its teaching and research in the Slovak Republic. The University cultivates close and productive links with its local and regional community and will continue to expand its work at an international level in both teaching and scientific research. We have a strong tradition of working in collaboration with business and industry and playing an active role in economic regeneration. Finally, we recognise that our future success and direction will be dependent upon how we embrace and respond to new information and communication technologies.

The university provides education in the field of agriculture and related research areas such as: Agro biology, Food resources, Sustainable agriculture, Agricultural production, Biotechnology, Food technology, Engineering of agricultural machinery and equipment, Computerization and automation of agricultural equipment, Operation of energy facilities on agricultural production, Gardening and landscape design, Economics and Management, International trade in agricultural commodities, Marketing, Development of rural tourism, Project management for rural development, Lifelong learning, etc.

Our mission is:
* To build an institution widely recognised, at a regional, national and international level, as a world leader in research and teaching.
* To conduct research across all academic departments which makes a significant contribution to the extension of human knowledge and understanding.
* Through our teaching and research programmes to equip our graduates with the necessary education and skills to make a significant contribution to the economy and to society as a whole.
* To recruit students and staff with outstanding potential and to provide the best support and facilities to foster teaching, learning and research of the highest quality.
* To serve our local and regional communities through the provision of excellent and innovative teaching, research, training, cultural, enterprise and employment opportunities.
* To exploit opportunities for collaboration and partnership with other higher educational institutions, educational institutions and commercial partners.
* To strengthen and diversify our activities in the fields of industrial and business liaison, innovation, exploitation and entrepreneurialism, thereby supporting economic growth and regeneration.
* To continue our tradition of making a high quality and challenging University education available to those who are capable of benefiting from it.
Visit our website at SUA_Nitra
INT@E UG
Innovative Technologies and Education

Int@E UG is a German firm which provides vocational training, training innovative computer and medical technology, knowledge management, mobile learning, e-learning and software training, collaborative research and innovation, quality assessment, organizational analysis and organizational development to help education institutions of all kinds achieve greater excellence, navigate change, Knowledge transfer and strengthen the University-Enterprise linkage, and drive more powerful partnerships. Int@E UG experts have a long track record experience in supporting reform processes in the field of Higher Education in third countries including the participation in several EU Programs such as Tempus and Erasmus Plus “OPATEL ” MediTec ” ,“Job-JO” ,“Edu4ALL” “AgroTec” and DigiMarkt. Int@E as an expert partner helps in organization of transfer of experience of current training to partners in the field of agriculture, Sport, Digital Marketing and AI.
Int@E will help partners to use the new technology such as Nanotechnology which might improve the quality and quantity of the production in partner countries and develop new curses in this field. Visit our website at INT@E UG for further details.

Steinbeis Beratungszentren
Steinbeis Beratungszentren GmbH

Steinbeis Beratungszentren GmbH, headquartered in Leipzig, Germany, is a premier institute specializing in mediation, conflict management, and organizational development. The institute offers expert services in handling escalated conflict situations and citizen participation in infrastructure projects. As a leading training center in Germany, they provide comprehensive education programs in mediation and conflict management, emphasizing practical application and scientific foundation. Over the past two decades, Steinbeis Beratungszentren GmbH also gained expertise in project management by leading multiple cross-national EU grant-aided projects. Visit our website at SBR for further details.